Research.md, before:

# Relevant Research

On the topic of circle packing, optimisation, linear programming, ...

# Mathematics
- [Circle packing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circle_packing)
    - Umwandlung in _planare Graphen_ (Circle Packing Theorem, siehe auch [Computing Circle Packing Representations of Planar Graphs](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00612.pdf))
    - Verbindung zu Parität 
- [Soddy-Kreis](https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soddy-Kreis)

Critical packing densitiy $\delta^*$ for disks in a square is $\frac{\pi}{3+2\sqrt{2}}\approx 0.539$ as shown with Split Packing by Morr, Fekete and Scheffer.
- S. P. Fekete, S. Morr, and C. Scheffer. Split packing: Algorithms for packing circles with optimal worst-case density. Discrete & Computational Geometry, 2018.
- S. Morr. Split packing: An algorithm for packing circles with optimal worst-case density. In Proceedings of the Twenty-Eighth Annual ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA), pages 99–109, 2017.


The benchmark for circle packing: [Packomania](http://packomania.com/).

# Literature

## Linear Programming
- Effiziente Algorithmen. Lineare Programme 1/2. Walter Unger
- Introduction to Operations Research 9th Edition. Hillier, Lieberman

## Circle Packing
- A heuristic for the circle packing problem with a variety of containers. Lopez Soto, Beasley (2011)
- Formulation Space Search for two-dimensional Packing Problems. Lopez Soto (2013)
- An action-space-based global optimization algorithm for packing circles into a square container. Kun He, Menglong Huang, Chenkai Yang (2015)
- Efficiently packing unequal disks in a circle: A computational approach which exploits the continuous and combinatorial structure of the problem
- [Greedy Algorithms for Packing Unequal Circles into a Rectangular Container](https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.99.5620&rep=rep1&type=pdf)
- Computing Circle Packing Representations of Planar Graphs, 1911.00612
- Linear models for the approximate solution of the problem of packing equal circles into a given domain. Shamil (2013)
- Packing Geometric Objects with Optimal Worst-Case Density

## Exploratory concepts

- Quantum computing: [QuTiP, Quantum Toolbox in Python](https://qutip.org/features.html)
- AI: [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)

### AMPL

[ampl.com](https://ampl.com/)

[AMPL Book](https://dev.ampl.com/ampl/book.html)

https://pifop.com/
https://neos-server.org/neos/

Commit message:

BibTeX added and csl formated entries in Research.md

Research.md, after:

# Relevant Research

On the topic of circle packing, optimisation, linear programming, ...

# Mathematics
- [Circle packing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circle_packing)
    - Umwandlung in _planare Graphen_ (Circle Packing Theorem, siehe auch [Computing Circle Packing Representations of Planar Graphs](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1911.00612.pdf))
    - Verbindung zu Parität 
- [Soddy-Kreis](https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soddy-Kreis)

Critical packing densitiy $\delta^*$ for disks in a square is $\frac{\pi}{3+2\sqrt{2}}\approx 0.539$ as shown with Split Packing by Morr, Fekete and Scheffer.
- S. P. Fekete, S. Morr, and C. Scheffer. Split packing: Algorithms for packing circles with optimal worst-case density. Discrete & Computational Geometry, 2018.
- S. Morr. Split packing: An algorithm for packing circles with optimal worst-case density. In Proceedings of the Twenty-Eighth Annual ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA), pages 99–109, 2017.


The benchmark for circle packing: [Packomania](http://packomania.com/).

# Literature

## Circle Packing

- <div class="csl-entry">Galiev, S. I., &#38; Lisafina, M. S. (2013). Linear models for the approximate solution of the problem of packing equal circles into a given domain. <i>European Journal of Operational Research</i>, <i>230</i>(3), 505–514. https://doi.org/10.1016/J.EJOR.2013.04.050</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">Becker, A. T., Fekete, S. P., Keldenich, P., Morr, S., &#38; Scheffer, C. (2019). Packing Geometric Objects with Optimal Worst-Case Density (Multimedia Exposition). <i>DROPS-IDN/10467</i>, <i>129</i>. https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPICS.SOCG.2019.63</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">Specht, E. (2023, March 1). <i>Packomania</i>. http://www.packomania.com</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">Huang, W. Q., Li, Y., Akeb, H., &#38; Li, C. M. (2005). Greedy algorithms for packing unequal circles into a rectangular container. <i>Journal of the Operational Research Society</i>, <i>56</i>(5), 539–548. https://doi.org/10.1057/PALGRAVE.JORS.2601836/METRICS</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">López Soto, C. O. (2013). <i>Formulation space search for two-dimensional packing problems</i> [Brunel University School of Information Systems, Computing and Mathematics Theses PhD Theses]. http://bura.brunel.ac.uk/handle/2438/7455</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">López, C. O., &#38; Beasley, J. E. (2011). A heuristic for the circle packing problem with a variety of containers. <i>European Journal of Operational Research</i>, <i>214</i>(3), 512–525. https://doi.org/10.1016/J.EJOR.2011.04.024</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">Addis, B., Locatelli, M., &#38; Schoen, F. (2008). Efficiently packing unequal disks in a circle. <i>Operations Research Letters</i>, <i>36</i>(1), 37–42. https://doi.org/10.1016/J.ORL.2007.03.001</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">Dong, S., Lee, Y. T., &#38; Quanrud, K. (2019). <i>Computing Circle Packing Representations of Planar Graphs</i>. https://doi.org/10.48550/arxiv.1911.00612</div>
- <div class="csl-entry">He, K., Huang, M., &#38; Yang, C. (2015). An action-space-based global optimization algorithm for packing circles into a square container. <i>Computers &#38; Operations Research</i>, <i>58</i>, 67–74. https://doi.org/10.1016/J.COR.2014.12.010</div>

# See also

## Linear Programming
- Effiziente Algorithmen. Lineare Programme 1/2. Walter Unger
- Introduction to Operations Research 9th Edition. Hillier, Lieberman

## Exploratory concepts

- Quantum computing: [QuTiP, Quantum Toolbox in Python](https://qutip.org/features.html)
- AI: [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)

### AMPL

[ampl.com](https://ampl.com/)

[AMPL Book](https://dev.ampl.com/ampl/book.html)

https://pifop.com/
https://neos-server.org/neos/
